# JavaBuddy-DiscordBot
Meet Javabuddy! Made for our 'Advanced Programming' class, JavaBuddy is our first Discord Bot, made with the purpose of offering you the latest Java News through a RSS Feed, helping you consult your TimeTable, letting you play music while you learn and more!<br>
Contributions:<br>
Smau Adrian - The '-shutdown' and '-ping' commands, the '-timetable' command (using JSOUP, I parsed the TimeTable of the 2B5 group, being able to get the displayed TimeTable and show it). This command takes a day of week as argument and shows the User the displayed classes/courses/exams from the specified day. Also implemented the Audio Player via LavaPlayer (the command '-play' is only available if you are in a voice channel and the '-join' command was executed before, so that JavaBuddy is in the same voice channel as you currently are). The '-play' command takes a youtube link as argument and adds the inserted song/playlist into the playing queue. The '-info' and '-help' commands ware also implemented.<br>
Mosor Andrei - Implemented the '-gif' command, which uses the Giphy API in order to fetch one of 15 random GIF's related to Java Programming. Also implemented the '-date' command, which displays the current date, and the '-userinfo' command, which takes a User mention as a argument and displays its nickname, its roles, and also whether he is in a voice channel or not (in the case he is, also displays if he is muted or not).
<br>
The Main layout of the program (implementation of Listener, CommandManager, CommandInterface, CommandContext, creation of Bot in Discord Developer Portal) was implemented in a Gradle program, with the help of the Discord JDA library!<br>
The RSS Fetch command (implemented via RSS ROME), implementing the Fetcher was a team effort by both of us. We implemented a Map which allows the user to select the Feed he wants to fetch, as well as the number of news he wants to read. The latest posts from the selected Feed will be displayed. The '-rssinfo' Command allows the User to get more information regarding the use of this command!<br>
The project source compatibility is set to Java Version 15.
